feat(templates): add workload module to Kubernetes and machine profiles (#2242)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/src-charm-py-file.rst

The ``src/charm.py`` file is the default entry point for a charm. This file must be
executable, and should include a `shebang
<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shebang_(Unix)>`_ to indicate the desired interpreter.

> This file may contain all of the charm code. However, if possible, you should use a
> separate module for workload-specific logic. See :ref:`src-workload-py-file`.
> 
> It is possible to rename ``src/charm.py``, but additional changes are then required to
> build the charm with Charmcraft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file may contain all of the charm's code. It's better practice, however, to use a
separate module for workload-specific logic. A :ref:`src-workload-py-file <workload file>`
is an optimal source to store workload code.

It's possible to rename ``src/charm.py``, but additional changes are then required to
build the charm with Charmcraft.
```

Author: I've pushed [`8d613e2`](https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2242/commits/8d613e27d4d99e5b1c1e416b5e41126e13154cec) with a couple of adjustments to this suggestion:
- I figured it was good to mention that someone might already have a Python module, as that would be recommended over using the workload file.
- Included a "see more" link to relevant guidance in the Ops docs.

Hopefully this looks good

Reviewer: It looks great!

> build the charm with Charmcraft.

Reviewer: I worry that this is too vague. Can we provide some hints or describe what these changes are?

Author: That's a great point, thanks! After doing some reading, I pushed [`a9ac2ac`](https://github.com/canonical/charmcraft/pull/2242/commits/a9ac2ac27f9dc0f69858f644e4c53581e9b89a5e) which takes a stab at some extra detail.

[Preview here](https://canonical-charmcraft--2242.com.readthedocs.build/en/2242/reference/files/src-charm-py-file/) (the last paragraph)

@medubelko & @lengau if you feel this part needs more work, shall we track that as a separate PR, as it's out of scope of this PR?

Reviewer: I think this is satisfactory for this PR.
